bergamo city personalist daughter
of the thousand is what is in Italy
defined a fan club with the peculiarity
that we are officially recognized
affiliated to the barcelona futbol club la
our pen is a small embassy
in our country in Italy and therefore
in our club city of Bergamo
Catalan
worth basically two purposes
first is to promote friendship
among the members the friends who are sympathizers
barcelona football fans
predominantly with regard to the
the football section on the other is the one
to keep historical values ​​alive
barcelona futbol club which the
sportsmanship democracy la
participation laicity the struggle to
all forms of racism and
discrimination that are well summarized
in the club's historical motto or a mes
que a club more than just a club
punishment is a tool and we have
chosen to make it available for
support emergency we are the opportunity of
thank the barcelona futbol club e
lionel put up for putting us in
arrangement this shirt that in addition to the
sporting value
we hope it can take on value
important economic through high e
with whom you can help e
support the maternity center of
anabah in afghanistan and emergency that
what is emergency simply
an organization founded in 1994 that
brings help surgical medical assistance
completely free to the victims of
war of mine of poverty in
these almost twenty years we have
treated more than 5 million and a half
people in 16 countries
this initiative is dedicated to the center
of maternity that emergency to anabah
in the valley
Bashir in northern Afghanistan is a
project of which we are very proud
because it is a center where women work
Afghans where only more women work
40 Afghan women together with ours
international gynecologists and midwives
it is a center that gives birth to more than 12
children every day and they are many and it is a
nice work besides this we do
prenatal visits in all our places
first aid and health centers
located in the valley we offer
information not only for ours
personal but also hygienic education
sanitary and to the women of the valley for
understand how to give birth safely
how to take care of pregnancy e
of their newborns in a country that has one
of maternal infant mortality rates
highest in the world
all this as it is possible
simple is possible thanks to support
of many traveling companions than now
for almost twenty years they have helped us to do
every day an extra piece to take care of a
another patient to build a new one
hospital to do another chylous like
you friends as barcelonist penia of
bergamo friends like months any way
Please contribute to the activity of
this organization you can do it
with a little imagination and commitment to
passion with some money but also with
a few hours you can give us for
make another piece of road together with
us in this that is a journey of
medicine and humanity thanks